Revise Marin-32B-Base details and execution link (#6)
marin-community/marin-community.github.io: index.md

   [Together AI](https://api.together.ai/playground/v2/chat/marin-community/marin-8b-instruct)!
3. Marin-32B-Base
   [[issue](https://github.com/marin-community/marin/issues/1295),
    [execution](https://marin.community/data-browser/experiment/?path=gs%3A//marin-us-central2/experiments/exp1529_32b_mantis_cooldown-c6f4b0.json)

>    New best open source base model! On par with Gemma 3 27PT (for English base model evals)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   New best open source base model! On par with Gemma 3 27B PT (for English base model evals)
```

Reviewer: what about Qwen?
